WHAT IS SOLIDITY?
soldity is an object oriented high level language for implementing smart contracts.
It is a curly bracket language designed to target the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).
It influenced by C++ , Python and Javascript.


WHAT ARE SMART CONTRACTS?
Smart contracts are programs which govern the behaviour of accounts within the Ethereum
state. They are the building blocks of blockchain based applications and are called smart 
contracts because tthey represent digital agreements and the code cannot change and thats a 
feature of the solidity programming language once it is put on the blockchain.

USE CASES FOR SOLIDITY SMART CONTRACTS
-Tokens: So thats one of the beauty of smart cotnracts. You can create a crypto currency 
         without creating a brand new blockchain.
-Non Fungible Tokens (NFTs)
-Decentralized Finance (DeFi) - it can be used to develop DeFi applications such as decentralized exchanges,
                                credit and lending platforms, prediction markets etc like lending and saving

VARIABLES IN SOLIDITY 
Variables are essentially holders for different values.It is a container that holds a value that can be changed during or manipulated during the program's runtime or
execution.Solidity is a statically typed language which means you have to declare the variable type anytime you are declaring a 
variable and that type should not change. Each declared variable always have a default value based on its type. 
This therefore implies that in solidity, is no concept of "undefined" or "null" 

Types of variables in solidity
-State variable:
 These are variables whos values are permanently stored in a contract storage outside all functions.
-Local Variable:
 These are variables whose values are only available within the function were it is defined. This simply means that the variable was declared inside a function.
 As a result, local variables can only be called within that function.
-Global Variable:
 These are special variables which exist in global workspace and provide information about the blockchain and transaction
 properties. They are like special containers that hold important information about the ethereum blockchain. Thesse variables do not need to be declared but
 can be accessed from any art of a smart contract and are often used to get information about the current state of the blockchain.

Rules for working with Variables In Solidity
- Do not usse any of the solidity reserved keywords as a variable name. 
- Solidity variable names must not start with a numeral (0-9). They must begin with a letter or an underscore.
- Solidity variable names are case sensitive. Name and name are two different variables. 
